docs(root): adding docs for versioning and releases (#65)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/get-started/releases-versioning.mdx

---
path: "/get-started/releases-versions"

date: "2022-11-21"

title: "Releases and versions"

subTitle: "Our approach to releases and versioning."

> contribute: "https://github.com/mi6/ic-design-system/tree/main/src/content/structured/get-started/releases-versions.mdx"

Reviewer: should be releases-versioning.mdx

> contribute: "https://github.com/mi6/ic-design-system/tree/main/src/content/structured/get-started/releases-versions.mdx"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contribute: "https://github.com/mi6/ic-design-system/tree/main/src/content/structured/get-started/releases-versioning.mdx"
```

---

> This page provides details on how the `@ukic/` packages will be released and versioned when published for Open Source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page provides details on how the `@ukic/` packages will be released and versioned when published for open source.
```

> Releases will be triggered once the `Develop` branch pull request is merged into the `Main` branch. The package versions will follow the [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) scheme.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Releases will be triggered once the `develop` branch pull request is merged into the `Main` branch. The package versions will follow the [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) scheme.
```

```js
major.minor.patch
```

<br />

> **Major releases** will contain breaking changes to the component libraries. Breaking changes will be communicated to the community as early as possible to allow teams to plan when to integrate the new packages into their projects. Major release will be very infrequent with a least a year between major releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Major releases will be very infrequent with at least a year between major releases.
```

> **Major releases** will contain breaking changes to the component libraries. Breaking changes will be communicated to the community as early as possible to allow teams to plan when to integrate the new packages into their projects. Major release will be very infrequent with a least a year between major releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Major releases** will contain breaking changes to the component libraries. Breaking changes will be communicated to the community as early as possible to allow teams to plan when to integrate the new packages into their projects. Major releases will be very infrequent with at least a year between major releases.
```
